# Reflection 

The travel company has been facing several problems from each stakeholder: Relationship Managers (RMs), Inbound Call Customers and Outbound Call Customers. Analyzing the Empathy Map of each stakeholder and assuming the stakeholders were interviewed, various questions were raised. The purpose of these questions is to understand the problems which will be leading the travel company to the ideation of the solutions to eliminate the problems. The main problem that has been identified is that calls get connected to the Relationship Managers too slow. However, to eliminate that problem the travel company has introduced a system, Call Management Centre (CMC) to improve call routing for both outbound and inbound calls.

### Relationship Managers (RMs)

Relationship Managers are responsible for making sales of the holiday packages to the end-customers. However, the RMs are also given a skill score according to the length of the phone calls they make, which leads to RMs being in fear of losing skills score as they were not able to capture the customers attention and were not well informed about the customer profile, thus leading to long phone calls. To eliminate this type of problem, the Call Management Centre (CMC) will be using “Profiler Tool” to match customer profile with the RMs profile so that the RM understand the customers background. As said, Profiler Tool will be used to match RMs and Customers, but an outbound customer might still not be interested to purchase a holiday package, at that time the RM should end the call politely not forcing sale on customer as that will only lead to decreasing their skills score. Moreover, the RM needs to be well informed about the holiday packages which the customers wishes to choose and only talk about that holiday package and not advertise other types of packages to keep up their skills score.

The system keeps track of each phone call made by the Relationship Manager, as one of the objectives of the company is to maintain phone call expenses. RMs get demotivated when some customers do not show interest, some customers might also use harsh language to end the call or to show they are not interested. There are some customers who would want to keep the conversation short and simple, at that time the RM will need to understand the nature of the customer and lead through. RMs should keep checking the Automatic Call Distributor when they are available, if there are any customer waiting, to reduce the long wait time, which will be leading to satisfied customers.

### Inbound Call Customers

Inbound Call Customers are the customers who are calling the travel company which reaches the Call Management Centre (CMC) then directed to a Relationship Manager (RMs). Moreover, before that call directs to an Interactive Voice Response unit will be asking the reason for the phone call and after that the call will be directed to Automatic Voice Response. While this process takes time, customers are not pleased with the Automatic Call Distributor as it keeps the customer waiting until an appropriate RM is available for that customer. To improve this call waiting time for the customer, the scalability of the Call Management System’s infrastructure can be increased large enough to handle calls uninterrupted. In addition, callback services can be provided to improve customer services, if the customer does not want to wait for long this can lead to outbound calls to customer who hang-up made by the best match RM when they become available. This can lead to happy and satisfied customers.

On the other hand, there are customers calling and they do not need to wait for long but still is not satisfied because they are unable to get the answers to their enquiries, although the system redirects call to the best match RM. This is because the RM is not well-informed of the information the customer seeks to know about. If this happens, the current RM who is speaking to the customer can transfer the call to a more professional RM who will be best fit to answer the enquiries, rather than leaving the customer out in the dark. Customers can be given surveys so that the company can get a feed back on the services they provide directly from the customers. Providing surveys can help the travel company understand what their main problem is and will take initiative to improve the problems. Not only will it be beneficial for the company but also the customers will get a chance to voice their problems directly and put a feedback of their experience. Surveys can be given for individual Relationship Manager as well, then the company manager will be getting a direct feedback from customers on RMs.

The customers are given scores by the RMs, who are likely to purchase the products. For example, repeated customers might receive a higher score, customers from a particular postcode may receive lower score. However, it would be more efficient and effective if the RMs score the customers according to the budget of the customers, for instance, there can be a lot of types of repeated customers, but  repeated customers with higher budget will be served first, this strategy seems better. Yet this makes the company seem a quiet bit biased as RMs should serve customer according to series of who called first.

### Outbound Call Customers

Outbound Call Customers are customers who receive calls from the Relationship Manager (RMs). The Relationship Managers (RMs) are provided a set of script and guidelines to follow when they call the customers to advertise the holiday packages. As some customers reported, the calls they receive from the Relationship Managers (RMs) are unnecessary, untimely calls and too many sales calls from unknown number. This is because the customers are not interested to hear about the holiday packages at that moment.  This issue can be resolved simply by asking the customer to call back that RM when they feel interested or when they plan on taking a holiday, so when the customer will call back the system can redirect the call to that particular RM. Moreover, in some case a customer might not feel well and receives calls from when different unknown numbers at that time, the customer might use harsh language which can demotivate or hurt the RM. In this case, the issues are complimentary to the Relationship Manager as well.

There has been an issue where customers where being informed of unviable holiday packages to wrong types of customers, for example, adventurous singles package to a customer with family, extra luxury travel packages were offered to middle/low income group. Holiday packages were being offered to incorrect social group of customers, this shows the lack of RMs knowledge of information or it might be a system error that redirected the phone call to the wrong RM. In this case, the system needs to be checked if it is happening frequently or is it an issue with the RM’s information. This problem also leads to waste of time and by that time that customer might be no longer interested to purchase the holiday packages and the travel company will lose potential customers.
